[Music]
your 30s are a wonderful time when you
finally gained confidence and know what
you want
however the appearances of 30 year old
women now and 30 to 40 years ago
couldn't be more different so what
exactly influenced the modern
thirtysomethings look so much before you
learn all the answers be sure to hit
subscribe and wring this notification
belt to never miss a thing on the bright
side of life
number one they understand age
differently it's no secret that many
girls and young women used to be raised
with the notion that their 20s would be
the prime of their beauty while their
30s was when this beauty would start to
fade that was one of the main reasons
why women were so afraid to cross the 30
point in their life thankfully women
today don't give in to stereotypes that
easily even though 30 continues to be a
significant age mark ladies have learned
to have fun with it
in modern society age is just a number
it certainly can't take your beauty
grace elegance and glow away from you
number two they make their own fashion
choices back in the day bright clothes
and flashy jewelry weren't approved of
by society most of the time when a woman
turned 25 she got rid of most of her
bright blouses short skirts and any
other fun clothing simply because
society kept telling her that she should
already be serious at that age
today's 30-something women don't have
this kind of mindset at all they're
rockin torn jeans they dye their hair
bright colors they have piercings and
they look amazing doing it all such
fashion choices only complement their
natural beauty making them look fresh
and young way to go ladies
number 3 they have a different attitude
toward cosmetics
it may sound strange to young women
under 30 but a number of years ago the
beauty industry and its idea of the
perfect makeup look were completely
different there were no beauty bloggers
highlighters or glitters in fact the
choice of cosmetics was pretty limited
all the fancy makeup tools and products
were saved for special occasions
nonetheless the industry has changed
dramatically over the past 15 years
opening the door for new innovative
beauty products these improvements
changed attitudes toward makeup as well
many women now wear makeup almost every
single day and aren't afraid to
experiment with it if only contouring
existed back then number four they have
a more stable financial solution makeup
and fashion are great but one of the
most amazing improvements so far is
women's financial situations there's
still a long way to go here
true but it's way better than it ever
was these days women have the
opportunity to create their own stable
income which allows them to enjoy the
latest skincare products
potus vacation destinations shopping
sprees and other things that make them
happy and most importantly they no
longer feel guilty about spending money
on themselves all this helps them stay
young and beautiful not only inside but
outside as well the number-5 they use
the advanced cosmetology industry
another thing that came with the beauty
industry's Revolution was cosmetic
procedures
they weren't that widely used a few
decades ago nowadays you can do some of
them at almost any age you can always
ask your cosmetologist for advice on how
to keep your look as fresh and young as
possible and it's not only about plastic
surgery there are all kinds of masks
massages and other procedures to treat
yourself and look mesmerizing
thanks beauty industry number six they
found their style for previous
generations of women finding great and
unique clothes that would also fit
perfectly could be a real challenge
needless to say in our modern society
long shopping trips are often not a
necessity but a pure pleasure there are
all sorts of huge malls where you can
find the hottest skirts shirts and shoes
if you're not into shopping all day long
you can always go online and find just
as many outstanding outfits this little
change is another reason why modern
thirtysomething women look so incredible
they can experiment find their unique
style wear original clothes and easily
stand out from the crowd
number seven they can express themselves
in the past social stereotypes were even
harder on women the only life goal that
they were supposed to have was getting
married and starting a family the
saddest thing is that many of them
really had no other choice today by the
age of 34 even earlier women in most
countries already have an education a
successful and steady career path and
more goals to reach most women of our
generation are outstanding workers and
amazing mothers all at the same time
this feeling of fulfillment and constant
improvement gives them the self
confidence and assurance that quickly
turns into a glow and as everyone knows
that's the main secret of endless beauty
number eight they're more responsible
about their health one of the most
important things in our life is our
health thankfully here women now have
the upper hand to the days when medicine
used to be tricky to get access to are
long gone today seeing any doctor on any
day is
piece of cake women have more options as
to who they want to see as there are a
lot of private clinics out there that
provide high-quality medical treatment
after all a healthy mind always lives in
a healthy body right number nine they
respect themselves and can stand their
ground
whatever decades you live in everybody
always has an opinion on how you should
live your life but in the past the
situation was a little bit different
back then the opinions of people who
were older were especially respected
whether this person knew what they were
talking about or not if anyone older
than you told you something bad you'd
probably be ashamed and pick at the
pieces of your shattered self-confidence
nowadays this stereotype doesn't have a
hold on young women as they know that
even people with more life experience
shouldn't dictate what they should do
this kind of attitude makes them respect
themselves their opinions and their
bodies on a whole new level and does
wonders for their appearance and energy
number 10
they know the importance of drinking
enough water drinking enough pure water
throughout the day is essential for
great looks at a healthy body however
just a few decades ago this wasn't
common knowledge
luckily the women of this decade know
exactly how important it is and included
in their daily health care if you're one
of those rare people who still don't do
it maybe it's time to join the club
after all the older you get the more
difficult it becomes to acquire this
seemingly simple habit health
authorities often recommend drinking
eight eight ounce glasses of water every
single day which is about two liters
providing your system with this amount
of water daily is believed to help keep
your skin clear and elastic improve your
brain function and help with weight loss
and there you go did I miss any of the
major changes tell me in the comments
below but before you go let's take a
quick trip to the past to see exactly
how women's looks changed during all
this time
have you seen the movie Moscow does not
believe in tears it's a great Russian
film from the 80s that got an Oscar for
Best Foreign Film in 1981
Irina Mori OVA one of the actresses in
this movie was exactly 30 years old when
the movie was filmed now let's jump all
the way back to the present and look at
the oscar-winning actress and the stone
believe it or not she is 30 years old
now that's two equally beautiful but
completely different looks right either
way the beauty remains the same the only
thing that changes is how we accentuate
it so how old are you now and what's the
best thing about your current age tell
us in the comments section below don't
forget to give this video a like share
it with your friends and click Subscribe
stay on the bright side
[Music]